A mind dump from the Dev, Liam


A limitlemss AI powerd social game where you and 3 others are stuck in an office simualtion with under an AI.
Amoung us meets Severence.  

The AI mr jacobs is slightly unhinged and the world is a refelection of what he thinks an office is like. 

Do your job to keep mr jacobs happy and escape the simualtion in an infinite number of ways. 
The whole thing should have an edgy, retro and slgihtly off putting vibe 

* Each player is assinged a job by the AI and you need t
* The office is interactive and players can interact with objects 
* Mr Jacobs can interact with the enviroment, players and any of state. He has a personality that can be manipluated. 

* When players complete there jobs they get bucks 

* The world is not set, rooms and there content can be added and such dynamily (we can prload room shapes and connect them)

* Each time you play there is a differnet lore and story that unfolds that gives insite into that version of my jabobs, each time is different but each is connected to a greater lore. 

* Mr jacobs can only see where there are cameras, he can effect all parts of hte game , can define 100 levers or somethign

* there is a terminal to which player can talk direclty to mr jacobs, there are multiple terminals 

* Player can escape together or sabotage each other, the whole is open and can be manipulated.  Players can scaricifse another to escape them self, its a mind game with the AI and each other. 

* The whole thing has a glitchy 80th theme, 

* Mr Jacobs is represented by bit screens with a face, with different emoiton states


* So care gameloop
- players my do there job get bucks, they can spend on items or they can spend on talking to mr jacobs in the terminal.  
- Players have there main job but this can change, or they get promoted, player also have side quests  or maybe jsut multiple jobs 
- There will be events, like parties or players need to go to the boss office
- There are 

Items and objects
Objects are in the world, like coffee marker 
Items are in the world, can be carreid, picked up or used on other players or objects

Eg. players job might be to make coffee for each player, he goes to make, uses it then gets coffee item 

The item and object slow is fully generated by the AI.

Objects - you can use , or apply item to it, the result is a new item or nothing effect 
Items - can find in the evuroment, or from object interactions, can hold in ineventory or use on objects, items can be given to players 
Player - has state based on the items 


Item 
Object - tags and state 
Ineteraction 

AI can change state of objcets 

When an item is applied to an object we look at the tags and determine if a state change is possible

Tags and state are from a pre defined list to stop crazy creep. 

Players have state, from a pre defined list 

State and tags on objects can connect to effectors 
State on players can effect connectors , eg, wet 
Items also have tags 



